Product: Timetable - Full Refresh - Weekly
Product id: P-4b4a43c6-3507-4c6f-aeed-82d853264236
URL: https://raildata.org.uk/dataProduct/P-4b4a43c6-3507-4c6f-aeed-82d853264236/overview
Accepted by the user on 2026-09-13.

DATA SHARING AGREEMENT
This licence is entered into between the Data Publisher and the Data Consumer.
Whilst the Rail Delivery Group operates the Rail Data Marketplace it is neither buyer
nor seller of the Licensed Data. The Rail Delivery Group is not a party to this licence
and makes no warranty in connection with the Licensed Data.

1. DEFINITIONS
In these terms and conditions, the following meanings shall apply:
‘Account’ the facility provided by Rail Delivery Group allowing the Data
Consumer to access the Rail Data Marketplace;
‘Agreement’ the entire contract between the Data Publisher and the Data
Consumer for the provision of the Licensed Data
incorporating these terms and conditions and Schedule 1 to
the exclusion of all other terms;
‘Data’ the information and other materials (including any Open
Access Content) in whatever form from time to time made
available to the Data Consumer pursuant to this Agreement;
‘Data Consumer’ as defined in Schedule 1 of this contract;
‘Data Publisher’ as defined in Schedule 1 of this contract;
‘Intellectual Property’ copyright, database and other intellectual property and
related rights of Publisher and its licensors, including the
right to control the use and disclosure of confidential
information;
‘Licensed Data’ the Data identified in Schedule 1;
‘Licence Fees’ the charges, if any, for use of the Licensed Data more
particularly described in Schedule 2;
‘Licensed Rights’ has the meaning set out in Clause 2.2;
‘Open Access Content’ means Data made available by a way of a licence from the
rights holder that is Creative Commons, Open Government
3.0 or similar and any such content remains subject to its
own licensing terms notwithstanding its inclusion with the
Licensed Data;
‘Personal Data’ means any information which is related to an identified or
identifiable natural person; ‘Rail Data Marketplace’ the
services and information available from www.raildata.org.uk;
‘Rail Delivery Group’ Rail Settlement Plan Limited, First Floor North, 1 Puddle
Dock, London, England, EC4V 3DS, UK;

‘Rights’ copyright, database and other intellectual property and
related rights of Publisher and its licensors, including the
right to control the use and disclosure of confidential
information;
‘Special Condition’ means any additional commercial terms as may be agreed
between the parties and set out in Schedule 1; and

‘Term’ the duration of the Agreement, as set out in Schedule 1,
including where applicable, any autorenewal of the
Agreement.

2. PROVISION OF LICENSED DATA
2.1 All Intellectual Property in the Licensed Data are and shall remain the property of
the Data Publisher and its licensors.
2.2 The Data Publisher will provide the Licensed Data in accordance with the terms and
conditions of the Agreement and grants the Data Consumer a non-exclusive,
nontransferable, licence to use the Licensed Data subject to:
2.2.1 payment of the appropriate Licence Fees (if any); and
2.2.2 the permissions, and limitations if any, set out in Schedule 1 (the ‘Licensed
Rights’).
2.3 Save as provided in this Agreement, all other Rights are reserved by the Publisher
and its licensors. Any copying, storage, transmission, publication, or use, other than as
set out in this Agreement is not permitted.
2.4 In order for the Data Publisher to provide the Licensed Data, the Data Consumer
must continue to abide by the terms of accordance with the terms and conditions of the
Rail Data Marketplace including without limitation the RDM Platform Agreement – Data
Consumer.
3. CUSTOMER OBLIGATIONS
3.1 The Data Consumer agrees to maintain at all times the integrity of the Licensed
Data and will implement reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect
the Licensed Data against accidental or unlawful loss, alteration, disclosure or access.
3.2 The Data Consumer agrees to comply with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement and any reasonable instructions which the Data Publisher may from time to
time notify to it in writing in connection with the Data Consumer’s use of the Licensed
Data.
3.3 As a condition of the Data Consumer’s exercise of the Licensed Rights, the Data
Consumer must:
3.3.1 give an appropriate credit to the Data Publisher by identifying the Data
Publisher (and any other third party licensors designated to receive attribution in
Schedule 1) as the source of the Licensed Data. The Data Consumer may do so
in any reasonable manner, but not in a way that that suggests the Data

Publisher or its licensors endorse the Data Consumer or the Data Consumer’s
use of the Licensed Data;
3.3.2 where the Licensed Rights so permit, ensure that any onward distribution of
the Licensed Data is accompanied by appropriate notices relating to accuracy of
the Data together with any relevant limitation or exclusion of liability provisions
that the Data Publisher requires as a condition of such onward distribution; and
3.3.3 promptly notify the Data Publisher in writing of any defects, inaccuracies or
other deficiencies in the Licensed Data upon becoming aware of same.
3.4 The Data Consumer is responsible for the provision of the telecommunications
services and equipment to enable the Data Consumer to access and receive the Data.
Neither Rail Delivery Group nor the Data Publisher will be able to issue refunds or
accept responsibility for delay for the Data Consumer’s inability to access the Data due
to any faults with the Data Consumer’s telecommunications service or equipment.
3.5 Where the Licensed Rights permit the Data Consumer to distribute or otherwise
make the output available to third parties, the Data Consumer shall use reasonable
efforts not to do so in a manner that would or is likely to cause the output to be
inaccurate, incomplete or otherwise fails to comply with the terms of this Agreement.
4. LICENCE FEES
4.1 The Data Publisher shall charge the Data Consumer the Licence Fee for the access
and use of the Licensed Data using the charging basis set out in Schedule 2.
4.2 The Data Consumer must pay the Licence Fees due and the Rail Delivery Group
will invoice and collect the agreed Licence Fees in the manner set out in the Rail Data
Marketplace Platform Agreement – Data Consumer. If the Data Consumer does not pay
the agreed Licence Fees, the Rail Delivery Group may suspend the Data Consumer’s
Account until payment in full is made.
4.3 All Licence Fees are quoted exclusive of any applicable value added tax which shall
be payable by the Data Consumer in addition.
5. TERM, SUSPENSION AND TERMINATION
5.1 Once accepted by the Data Consumer, the Agreement shall commence and
continue for the Term unless terminated earlier in accordance with the following
provisions.
5.2 The Data Publisher can terminate the Agreement:
5.2.1 immediately upon notice if: (a) the Data Consumer breaches any provision
of this Agreement (including without limitation the obligation to the pay the
Licence Fees) and fails to remedy that breach within seven days upon notice

from the Data Publisher; (b) the Data Consumer enters into liquidation or any
arrangement or composition with the Data Consumer’s creditors or if a receiver
or administrator or administrative receiver is appointed against any of the Data
Consumer’s assets or business; (c) the Data Publisher loses any rights to sub-licence any aspect of the Licensed Data or loses its rights to publish through the
Rail Data Marketplace; (d) the Data Publisher suffers a force majeure event as
set out in Clause 8.3.
5.2.2 on at least three months’ notice where the Data Publisher has taken the
decision that it will no longer distribute or make the Licensed Data available
under licence.
5.3 Without prejudice to its rights under Clause 5.2, in consultation with Rail Delivery
Group, the Data Publisher may limit or suspend access to the Licensed Data where the
Licensed Data contains Data pertaining to the UK’s critical national infrastructure.
Where applicable, the Data Publisher will issue the Data Consumer with a refund in
accordance with Rail Delivery Group’s refund policy.
5.4 The Data Consumer can terminate the Agreement:
5.4.1 immediately upon notice if:
(a) the Data Publisher breaches any provision of this Agreement and fails
to remedy that breach within seven days upon notice from the Data
Consumer;
(b) the Data Publisher enters into liquidation or any arrangement or
composition with the Data Publisher’s creditors or if a receiver or
administrator or administrative receiver is appointed against any of the
Data Publisher’s assets or business;
(c) the Licensed Data is materially amended or replaced by the Data
Publisher;
5.4.2 for convenience, where applicable, upon giving the Data Publisher notice,
where such notice is set out in Schedule 1.
5.5 On expiry or termination of this Agreement for any reason:
5.5.1 the Data Consumer shall immediately settle any outstanding invoices for
use of the Licensed Data incurred prior to the date of expiry or termination; and
5.5.2 if required under Schedule 1, the Data Consumer shall procure the
destruction of any copies of the Licensed Data and promptly confirm such
destruction to the Data Publisher.

5.6 Termination or expiry of this Agreement shall not affect any rights, remedies,
obligations or liabilities of the parties have accrued up to the date of termination or
expiry.
6. LIABILITY
6.1 The Data Publishers liability to the Data Consumer in respect of the Licensed Data
shall be limited to: 100% of the Licence Fees paid [and payable] during the Term,
subject to the provisions of this Clause 6.
 6.2 The Data Publisher excludes all liability for loss of business revenue or profits,
anticipated savings or wasted expenditure, corruption or destruction of data and for any
consequential loss whatever arising out of or in connection with this Agreement.
6.3 Notwithstanding the provisions of this Clause 6, the Data Publisher does not limit or
exclude its liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence or any other
liability the limitation or exclusion of which is prohibited by law.
6.4 In the event of any matter falling with this Clause 6 where a third party claim is made
or threatened against the Data Consumer’s or the Data Publisher, the parties shall
provide all reasonable assistance to each other in connection with any such action.
7. WARRANTIES
7.1 The Data Publisher warrants and undertakes to the Data Consumer:
7.1.1 it has the right to grant the Licensed Rights;
7.1.2 it has used reasonable skill and care in the creation and supply of the
Licensed Data; 7.1.3 will use reasonable endeavours to describe its data quality
fairly; and
7.1.4 as far as it is aware, the Data does not contain Personal Data.
7.2 Save as provided in clause 7.1, the Licensed Data is provided on an ‘as is’ basis.
The Data Publisher makes no representations as to the accuracy or fitness for purpose
of the Licensed Data and all warranties, conditions, or other terms implied by statute,
common law or otherwise are excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law. Be that as
it may and without any liability to the Data Consumer, the Data Publisher may indicate
in good faith what it believes to be the level of accuracy of the Licensed Data in
Schedule 1.
7.3 The Data Consumer must contact the Publisher immediately if anyone makes or
threatens to make a claim against the Data Consumer relating to the Data Consumer’s
use of the Licensed Data and the Data Consumer will comply with any reasonable
request from the Publisher in relation to such claim.
8. GENERAL

8.1 It is the Rail Data Marketplace that enables the Data Consumer to access the
Licensed Data. The Data Publisher cannot guarantee that the Rail Data Marketplace will
never be faulty or that it will be available at all times as the Rail Delivery Group may, for
example, need to temporarily suspend the whole or any part, of the platform. Please
see the Rail Data Marketplace Platform Agreement for more information on platform
performance and availability.
8.2 The Data Consumer is not allowed to transfer or attempt to transfer this Agreement
in whole or in part.
8.3 The Data Publisher will not be liable if the Data Publisher cannot perform its
obligations under this Agreement because of circumstances beyond its reasonable
control such as technical failure, severe weather, fire or explosion, civil disorder, war, or
military operations, natural or local emergency, anything done by government or other
competent authority or industrial disputes of any kind.
8.4 Notices given under the Agreement may be given by the Data Publisher to the Data
Consumer online through the Rail Data Marketplace in writing to the address as
currently stated in the Data Consumer’s account details and by the Data Consumer to
the Data Publisher through the Rail Data Marketplace to the address Rail Settlement
Plan Limited, First Floor North, 1 Puddle Dock, London, England, EC4V 3DS, UK.
8.5 The parties do not intend that any term of this Agreement shall be enforceable
solely by virtue of the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 by any person who is
a party to this Agreement.
8.6 This Agreement is the entire and only agreement between the parties concerning its
subject matter and supersedes any and all prior agreements, arrangements and
understandings (whether written or oral) relating thereto. Neither party has relied upon
any statement, representation or warranty of any person other than as expressly set out
in this Agreement.
8.7 If either party delays in acting upon a breach of this Agreement by the other party,
that delay will not be regarded as a waiver of the breach. If a party does expressly
waive a breach of this Agreement by the other party, that waiver is limited to that
particular breach.
8.8 In the event of conflict between these terms and conditions and any Special
Conditions, the order of precedence is as follows:
8.8.1 these terms and conditions;
8.8.2 Schedule 1 (excluding any Special Conditions); and
8.8.3 any Special Conditions.

8.9 This Agreement is governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law and
the Data Consumer and the Data Publisher submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
English courts as regards any claim or matter arising in relation to this Agreement, save
in the case of injunctive relief where a claim may be brought in any court of competent
jurisdiction.

AGREED BY
1.          DATA PUBLISHER
Rail Delivery Group
2nd Floor
1 Puddledock
London
London
United Kingdom
EC4V 3DS
2.          DATA CONSUMER

SCHEDULE 1
LICENSED RIGHTS
3.          LICENCED DATA
Timetable - Full Refresh - Weekly (P-4b4a43c6-3507-4c6f-aeed-82d853264236)
4.          PERMITTED RECIPIENTS
All registered users
5.          PERMITTED PURPOSES
The permitted purposes are:
The raw data may be used, copied, cleansed, adapted and / or aggregated with data from other
 sources for research & analysis purposes only
6.          TERM AND TERMINATION
The start date of this agreement shall be null
The Term shall be:
1 year and the term shall renew automatically on the anniversary of the term on the same terms and conditions
The notice period for Data Consumer termination for convenience shall be:
1 month
7.          TERRITORIAL USE RESTRICTIONS
Exercise of these Licensed Rights is permitted within the territories selected below and / or, if
applicable, prohibited in the prohibited territories selected below:
UK and Europe
Prohibited Countries:

8.          ATTRIBUTION
The following organisations must be attributed if the data is subsequently published.
9.          RETENTION
At the end of the term, the Data Consumer;
May retain any data which has been received
If the Data Consumer is required under the clause above to delete any data, they must provide
a written statement to the Data Publisher, within the specified timeframe, confirming that
the data has been securely and irretrievably deleted.

10.        SPECIAL CONDITIONS
The following special conditions apply:
CONTRACT CODE:

SCHEDULE 2
LICENSED FEES
1.          LICENCE FEE TYPE
Open
The Data Consumer can access the Licensed Data without charge. Access to the data will cease upon
 suspension, termination, or expiry of the Agreement.
2.          FAIR USAGE POLICY
Not applicable
3.          NON-CHARGEABLE LIMIT
Not applicable
4.          CHARGES APPLICABLE FOLLOWING NON-CHARGEABLE LIMIT
Not applicable
5.          PREPAID
No
6.          PURCHASE ORDER NUMBER
Not applicable
7.          UPDATE FREQUENCY
Weekly
